 1. Variable names need improving, src/lib files are done. Do the rest.
    CANT DO ALL VARIABLES RN BUT WRITE SOMEWHERE VISIBILE THAT ITS AN ISSUE
    IVE RECOGNIZED AND ADDED TO THE TODO LIST!!!!!!
    Comments need improving on some spots too!
 2. Indentation needs fixing.
 3. ENCRYPTED section visuals ascii art needs improving and make sure it is
    present in every payload diagram for ALL of its encrypted parts. Separate
    visualisations for parts that are encrypted with separate keys!
 4. Calls to error-returning functions don't check for errors - malloc/calloc.
    Check everywhere and make sure errors are checked for!
 5. Project coding style guidelines need defining and following everywhere.
 6. Project directory structure needs improving. Smaller top-level dir.
 7. Remove label_finish in functions that don't need one.
 8. WRITE DOCUMENTATION FOR THE PROJECT LIKE IN THE COMPILER PROJECT.
    For the purposes of this, find a good logical split for the project's main
    components: bigint, crypt, client, server, rtf, communication interface.
 9. Communication interface (4 function ptrs) should be a well documented struct
    instead of 4 pointers on their own.
10. For TCP, plans to let the server do kernel bypass networking with DPDK.
    While normally server data path isn't where the largest part of latency is,
    DPDK gives ways of implementing advanced DDoS protection for example.
11. The pubkey format check that was commented out. The nonce reuse after client
    is restarted. Mark these 2 as cryptography details that need attention.
12. Check with Valgrind that there are zero memory leaks possible.
13. Also run asan and UBsan. Make sure they are clean.
14. The montgomery multiplication interleaving performance analysis writeup
    should be moved to a special github repository for Advanced Software
    Performance Analysis, with a summary of the report kept in this repo.
    The writeup itself also needs a final polish.
15. PRESENTATION: Use new name Rosetta Secret Communications everywhere.
16. PRESENTATION: Make sure github landing page is clean, polished and relays
                  quickly to employers looking at it why they should be liking
                  what they see.
